---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-14T02:27:11.791Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-14T02:27:05.720Z'
title: About RAW
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-14-about-raw.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: about-raw/index.html
_type: Article

---
Research At Work Consulting is an enterprise and change management consultancy providing solutions to select industry clients facing complex change. By applying state-of-the-art qualitative and quantitative research methods developed through years of experience, RAW helps clients understand the interdependencies in organizational, cultural, and technological transformation; design innovative and creative solutions to challenging problems; and develop strategies for enterprise-wide implementation.

Our experience covers organizational strategy, big data, systems design, user experience (UX) and human-computer interaction (HCI) design, service design and strategy, and technology assessment. Experience in the following vertical markets.

* eCommerce
* Information technology
* Medical
* Federal government
* Biosciences research

* Finance and banking
* Non-profits
* Community organizations
* Apparel
* Online services

## About Cory Knobel, RAW Principal

Cory Knobel has 15+ years of consulting and research experience. His professional experience has engaged with a wide range of industries, noted above.

Cory holds a Ph.D. in Information from the University of Michigan, with additional graduate degrees and training in statistics, information economics and policy, human-computer interaction, science & technology studies, and complex systems. Before founding RAW Consulting, Dr. Knobel was a professor of Information & Computer Science at the University of Pittsburgh, and then University of California, Irvine. At UC-Irvine, he designed, built, and was the Executive Director of the [EVOKE Lab & Studio][0], which pursued emerging technology research and design in service of social engagement and transformation. Cory's advanced training in data and information science, statistical analysis, social network analysis, mathematical modeling, and complex systems brings the rigor of hard numbers and data to his insights. His additional expertise in ethnographic and interview methods, content and conversational analysis, organizational theory, and social analysis of science and technology give robustness and deep context to the meaning behind the numbers.

[0]: http://evoke.ics.uci.edu/ "EVOKE Lab & Studio"